However, I noticed we could've
stop our search earlier.
>> How?
>> At this step we said the Northern
Territory in South Australia
both had to be blue.
>> So?
>> But this two regions are adjacent.
We know they can't both be blue.
>> I see, for checking propagates
information from assigned to
unassigned variables but doesn't provide
early detection from all failures.
Instead, we can use constraint
propagation repeatedly to enforce all
the local constraints.
>> We can use Arc Consistency for
a simple version of
constraint propagation.
A variable, and a constraint
satisfaction problem is arc consistent,
with respect to another variable, if
there is some value still available for
the second variable, after we assign
a value to the first variable.
If all variables in a graph
satisfies this condition,
then the network is arc consistent.
>> Let's look at the practical example.
Once we get to the stage of signing
green to Queensland we look at
of its neighbors that are unassigned and
see if the assignment of green reduces
the number colors available to them.
If so,
we remove from a neighboring region.
And then look at its neighboring regions
to see if we need to appropriate
the change onward.
We keep doing this process
until it terminates or
we determine that one of the regions
does not have any colors left.
>> So here, we have removed green
from South Australia's list and
we're now looking at its neighbors.
New South Wales is a neighbor, and
in order to be arc consistent,
we will have to remove blue
from its available colors.
It can only be orange.
>> Victoria is a neighbor
of New South Wales so
we look to see if the change affects it.
In fact it does.
We remove orange from Victoria's
list of available colors.
Our choice in green for
Queensland has caused a chain of changes
in possible values for our variables.
>> Why don't we remove blue,
while we're at it so
Victoria doesn't conflict
with South Australia?
>> Well, we haven't gotten that far
in our queue of things to check yet.
Next, we're going to look at
the Northern Territory because it
has another neighbor that might be
affected by South Australia's change.
In fact, we see South Australia and
the Northern Territory are both
restricted to blue which is not allowed.
So we return a failure and force
the search to try another option for
Queensland.
>> Wow, that was a lot of work.
>> But it can save a lot of
unnecessary deep searching for
more complicated problems.